![CDL 2022 Cohort Project](../CDL_logo.jpg)
# Quantum Cohort Project Business Application

Contributed by Arunanghu Debnath on behanlf of the working subgroup.


## Step 1a: Motivation

Here we analyze another domain of application that is expected to
benefit immensely from the incorporation of MIS (maximum independent
set) based and related strategies. We focus on developing the operations
research-based decision-making framework which can leverage the
strengths of MIS and related optimization problems. In particular, we
focus on the acceleration of transport logistics in competitive,
underregulated markets. Such markets are usually less amenable to
quantitative modeling due to the overdetermined nature of the governing
equations. However, they often have a higher number of predictable
constraints owing to the fact that an evolving framework of regulations
conforms to the established robust, working ones.  


## Step 1b: Introduction

Logistics management is an undeniably essential component of the B2B and
B2C distribution processes in the manufacturing and retail sectors. The
long-term implications for strategic investments in this area with an
aim to build up optimization strategies of logistics management may
mitigate a wide range of concerns for the company. For example, the
improvement of accuracy of delivery, and increase in transparency of
transactions - all of which contribute to the robust functioning of the
company and streamline the pivoting capabilities in the face of
unexpected constraints.  
The recent macroeconomic drivers e.g., regulated globalization and
geopolitically motivated recalibration of the supply chain in the
manufacturing sector have shown early signs which reiterate the need for
such requirements. As the established companies try to find a way to
compete with the new disruptors in the sector, a common route is to
gradually veer away from the services to a platform-building business.
The latter reduces the need for logistics outsourcing but signals a
pressing need for investing in data-driven, technology solutions.
Furthermore, it is notable that the current shift in consumer demand is
dominantly governed by rapid urbanization, internet penetration, steady
increase in spending power linked to a higher tendency to consumption.
While the above-mentioned reasons and their consequences were predicted,
the involuntary migrations related to climate alterations, voluntary
economic migrations, and workforce realignments driven by global
political and strategic changes are yet to manifest themselves. It
points towards a demand for developing novel forecasting strategies.  
Together, they are expected to have a significant impact on the
optimized logistical models that are currently in use. Within this
broader context, we propose the construction of a minimal model and
describe a hybrid workflow that can leverage the power of quantum
information processing at the back-end.  



## References

-   https://www.bcg.com/publications/2021/building-resilience-strategies-to-improve-supply-chain-resilience

-   https://www.accenture.com/us-en/services/supply-chain-operations/resilient-supply-chain

-   https://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/strategy-and-corporate-finance/our-insights/lessons-from-growth-outperformers-in-logistics

-   https://www.bcg.com/capabilities/operations/digital-supply-chain

-   https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/travel-logistics-and-infrastructure/our-insights/startup-funding-in-logistics-focused-investment-in-a-growing-industry
